Add suggestion for contributing with documentation (#359)
FluxML/model-zoo: README.md

## Contributing

We welcome contributions of new models and documentation. 

### Share a new model

If you want to share a new model, then we suggest you follow these guidelines:

* Models should be in a folder with a project and manifest file to pin all relevant packages.

> * Models should include README to explain what the model is about, how to run it, and what results it achieves (if applicable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Models should include a README(.md) to explain what the model is about, how to run it, and what results it achieves (if applicable).
```

> * If possible models should not depend directly on GPU functionality, but ideally should be CPU/GPU agnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Models should ideally be CPU/GPU agnostic and not depend directly on GPU functionality.
```

> * Please keep the code short, clean, and self-explanatory, with as little boilerplate code as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Please keep the code short, clean, and self-explanatory, with as little boilerplate as possible.
```
